feat: Add Cassette resource API (#521)
blutui/dev.blutui.com: src/pages/api-reference/console/cassettes/duplicate.md

---
title: 'Duplicate Cassette'

> description: 'Duplicate a Cassette to your agency.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'Duplicate a Cassette for a project your agency.'
```
